how much how many people do you think is
going to show up today this is like
optimistic what about you Darrin what's
your prediction how many people today is
well maybe five today we had our first
fan meetup and we honestly feared that
no one would show up hi hello what's
going on
I'm Thomas sweet you watching in Daniel
Daniel Simon good to meet you man how's
it going good
I just got doing hair tomorrow are you
know freezing Oh Bob great to meet you
cuddle me inside well we're very happy
we thought like three people would show
up that's very ambitious of us the thing
but we're just very happy that you pull
up and they're coming much easier
awesome - hi how are you
way more fans than we expected came out
and we had an awesome time meeting
everyone as the perfect way to say
goodbye to Montreal just the fact that
you guys like a teacher obviously
and to get everyone out of their comfort
zone we decided to make everyone lie
down in the middle of a bookstore and
sing a special song are we singing
what's wrong we can't help it all right
let's all go lie down somewhere all
right indigo how long are we gonna stay
sitting down a minute
like you know we go to Starbucks like
any couple bored and you all light out
yeah yeah everyone just spread out I'm
nervous right now welcome to our daily
lives
haha
never the ballet before and that's where
this
those the most Awkward chip of all I
didn't even know the lyrics I'm richer
like it's so weird
please man you have a good one have a go
Santa these to me okay that was the most
Awkward song of all time
ah oh my god you got like oh oh oh man
oh we should do a okay
Seren leads it always check it again
together good I gotta take a gander
thank you so much for for showing you
how very happy that we got to see videos
that to it we're very excited about
what's going next so we're also excited
about continuing to wrap her up the city
wherever we go and for sure every time
we come back we'd love to see you
we're going to miss the city for sure
I'm going to miss you all great glad
that we got to see your faces
awesome awesome bye
you're good